src/pages/notes/programming-resources.mdx, before:

---
title: Programming resources
createdAt: 2020-11-11T15:12:44.384Z
tags:
  - Utilities
---

# Programming resources

If you are looking for inspiration, useful websites or engaging blogs to help you become a better developer, I highly recommend checking out the following.

## JavaScript

- [The best online editor for regular expressions.](https://regexr.com/)

## TypeScript

- [Cheat sheet for React developers who want to use TypeScript.](https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/docs/basic/setup)

## CSS

- [CSS clip-path generator.](https://bennettfeely.com/clippy/)
- [CSS easing functions generator.](https://easings.net/en)
- [Collection of unique CSS gradients.](https://www.gradientmagic.com/)
- [Website that tells which rendering phases (Style, Layout, Paint, Composite) are triggered by animating a specific CSS property.](https://csstriggers.com/)

## HTML

- [Semantic blog in HTML.](https://tutorials.comandeer.pl/html5-blog.html#stopka)
- [Special HTML characters.](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/html/glyphs/)

## Blogs

- [Dan Abramov's blog about React.](https://overreacted.io/)
- [Kent C. Dodds's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/)
- [Leigh Halliday's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://www.leighhalliday.com/articles)
- [Marcin Wanago's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://wanago.io/)
- [Robin Wieruch's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://www.robinwieruch.de/blog)
- [Tania Rascia's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://www.taniarascia.com/blog/)

## Miscellaneous

- [Browser support tables for web technologies.](https://caniuse.com/#home)
- [Color picker in a wheel shape which allows to generate palettes with ease.](https://color.adobe.com/create)
- [Dummy data generator.](https://mockaroo.com/)
- [Free complex SVG's by Undraw.](https://undraw.co/illustrations)
- [Free images by Pexels.](https://www.pexels.com/)
- [JavaScript algorithms and data structures with explanation](https://github.com/trekhleb/javascript-algorithms)
- [Markdown language cheat sheet.](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
- [PNG and JPEG online compression tool.](https://tinypng.com/)
- [Security cheat sheets for web developers.](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/)
- [The best color picker on the web.](https://htmlcolors.com/color-picker)

Commit message:

feat: update notes
- "How to use web storage"
- "Programming resources"
- fix <CodeHighlighter /> badge display
- update <Header /> component styles

src/pages/notes/programming-resources.mdx, after:

---
title: Programming resources
createdAt: 2020-11-11T15:12:44.384Z
tags:
  - Utilities
---

# Programming resources

If you are looking for inspiration, useful websites or engaging blogs to help you become a better developer, I highly recommend checking out the following.

## JavaScript

- [The best online editor for regular expressions.](https://regexr.com/)

## TypeScript

- [Cheat sheet for React developers who want to use TypeScript.](https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/docs/basic/setup)

## CSS

- [CSS clip-path generator.](https://bennettfeely.com/clippy/)
- [CSS easing functions generator.](https://easings.net/en)
- [Collection of unique CSS gradients.](https://www.gradientmagic.com/)
- [Website that tells which rendering phases (Style, Layout, Paint, Composite) are triggered by animating a specific CSS property.](https://csstriggers.com/)

## HTML

- [Semantic blog in HTML.](https://tutorials.comandeer.pl/html5-blog.html#stopka)
- [Special HTML characters.](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/html/glyphs/)

## Blogs

- [Alligator blog about Full-Stack development.](https://alligator.io/)
- [Dan Abramov's blog about React.](https://overreacted.io/)
- [Kent C. Dodds's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/)
- [Leigh Halliday's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://www.leighhalliday.com/articles)
- [LogRocket blog about programming.](https://blog.logrocket.com/)
- [Marcin Wanago's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://wanago.io/)
- [Marius Schulz's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://mariusschulz.com/blog)
- [Robin Wieruch's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://www.robinwieruch.de/blog)
- [Tania Rascia's blog about Full-Stack development.](https://www.taniarascia.com/blog/)

## Packages

- [A typewriter effect library for React.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/windups)
- [Advanced React color picker.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-color)
- [An accessible and responsive React menu library.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@szhsin/react-menu)
- [Create beautiful and optimized image galleries.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pro-gallery)
- [Detect the file type of a buffer.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/file-type)
- [Generate visual graph of project dependencies.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/madge)
- [Image crop component for React.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-easy-crop)
- [Load, crop and preview avatar images in React.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-avatar)
- [Simple React color picker.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-colorful)
- [Smooth carousel component.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@egjs/flicking)


## Miscellaneous

- [Browser support tables for web technologies.](https://caniuse.com/#home)
- [Color picker in a wheel shape which allows to generate palettes with ease.](https://color.adobe.com/create)
- [Convert link to QR code.](https://link-to-qr.com/)
- [Dummy data generator.](https://mockaroo.com/)
- [Free complex SVG's by Undraw.](https://undraw.co/illustrations)
- [Free images by Pexels.](https://www.pexels.com/)
- [JavaScript algorithms and data structures with explanation.](https://github.com/trekhleb/javascript-algorithms)
- [Markdown language cheat sheet.](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
- [Online advanced image editor.](https://www.photopea.com/)
- [PNG and JPEG online compression tool.](https://tinypng.com/)
- [Security cheat sheets for web developers.](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/)
- [Sharable web components.](https://bit.dev/)
- [Svg icons by Devicon.](https://devicon.dev/)
- [Svg icons by Iconify.](https://iconify.design/icon-sets/)
- [The best React resources on the web.](https://reactresources.com/)
- [The best color picker on the web.](https://htmlcolors.com/color-picker)
- [Web design tutorials by Designcode.](https://designcode.io/)
